Prince, didn't you tell me to get out?
Why did you persuade me in less than two hours?
I'm not your servant
You give this king a test set
It is the princess's duty
I don't blame you for leaving your post without permission
Why don't you come and change the medicine?
If only someone else could do it
This king will not call you
Seventh brother came to visit me on the order of the emperor's grandfather
The king said nothing to him
So what's up?
Ah!
You mean you want to consummate the marriage, as long as you know
Why are you saying everything?
What's this for?
Since you didn't say it
Then there must be an eyeliner in the mansion
Hey
Princess Qi is so kind to you.
That's not him.
You can lie to others.
But don't fool yourself.
In less than three days
Everyone will know
You healed the emperor's grandfather
Be careful yourself
The prince just takes care of himself
You don't have to worry about me.
I don't know why the princess is looking for the old slave
This is the 9-transfer order that the emperor's grandfather will serve today.
You go and serve the emperor's grandfather with medicine
Said someone asked
He said that this medicine was delivered on time by Tai Hospital
It was my grandfather's idea too.
Mammy used to have a deep friendship with her grandfather
I'm sure you can understand what my grandfather meant.
The meaning of Chu Shoufu
Don't worry, princess
The old slave knows what to do